Chapter 1: Introduction and literature review. Include putting the work in its academic or business
context.
Chapter 2: Technical Review. What techniques and methodologies have been previously used and
how did they influence the development of your project.
Chapter 3: What you did; Description of the technical issues of your project.
Chapter 4: Results; what happened, evaluation, final deliverables etc.
Chapter 5: Final conclusion, future work, putting your results in context.


chapter 1
benefits of application vs manual approach

chapter 2
describe about things learned on work placement that were implemented here - product backlog type document (with priorities), commiting each item to source control, having production and uat databases, weekly reviews with manager,  etc 
Could also give a refresher here about technologies proposed in the definition document

Using source control
Using a product backlog 
Weekly meetings
Overall architechture, i.e. database server, web server, addition of more servers. 
Slightly similar format to zingtree for the design 



chapter 3 technical issues.
designing database
storing decision trees
creating decision tree interface
deployment issues
integrating unit tests
handling numeric attributes
using bootstrap
***refactoring
***say how the images could be hosted in database in a different part of the application
--could explain scripting the databases to see if there were any differences between them

chapter 4
Describe the whole product, complete with screenshots and stuff.
Patients creation and deletion
Attributes creation and deletion
Equipment creation and deletion
Tree creation and deletion
Patient handling plan iteration
User creation and deletion and different user roles
Bootstrap design
	**cross browser compatibility
	**how many features were integrated compared to what was anticipated - referring to the definition document in the process
	**how well the project was built, i.e. how many bugs it contains and overall flexitility
	validation
	detail deployment
	success of tree editor approach
	discuss how it could be used in a real life scenario
	describe how flexible it is to change
	how successful various things were, from source control, to using asp.net to, to anything suggested in the definition document
	
---Can mention fact that if there is a typo in an attribute, it can be edited without affecting any other attributes
---Can mention that when something looks good clients and users are more likely to think it is done well or whatever
---mention code refactoring, such as renaming stuff, seperating data layer from logic layer, 
---mention source control was useful with packages and renaming stuff
---mention prduct management, i.e. keeping track of requirements using excel spreadsheet
---software used: text-compare.com (when comparing create and edit views, which had to be similar), notepad++
---describe learning about naming things, how you should keep the names as similar to what you would use to clients

chapter 5. 
**How the application could be used in a day to day environment.
How close application is ready for production, i.e. account management, email system, bascically requirements that are left to be completed
what this means for the company or whatever 
Things that could have been improved upon - product backlog maintained better, sold the project a bit more when demoing, ensure can handle all use cases, books as opposed to online sources, refactor early and often
future development work left on application
--maybe say you could have implemented source control better by using branches
conclusion

Much was learned about the development lifecycle during the course of this project. Aside from the fact that there was only one developer for the project, it closely simulated what developing an application would be like in real life conditions. Some of the things that could have been improved upon are as follows:
•	The importance of maintaining a product backlog


Remaining
Proofreading 
Bind
Decide on figures under images or not
acknowledgement page
Front page
Ensuring screenshots are looking good
Displaying the trees section figures, also remove todo from section